His Royal Highness
You'd better take care of your princess
He's the man you want to marry
My poem has the apology of the second lady
I, my second wife, I don't want to resist, do I?
Wan Yue
brilliant
But
What happened today is indeed what Second Madam Jiang did wrong.
But after all, today is a lonely wedding day
Another day another day
Lonely night
Please apologize to you.
How about poetry?
Your Highness
Soldiers are untrustworthy and disadvantageous
Are you going to go back on your word in front of me?
No minister father dare not
Wan Yue
It was my aunt who was wrong
Auntie apologizes to you
Cure the emperor's poison
Is this Miss Jiang?
It seems that he is not only excellent in medicine
And he's really good at poetry.
It was just luck that he saved me
Not a real skill
I never believe in luck
Jiang Wanyue, don't be complacent
I'll embarrass you later
Not good, Mr. Li set off for the market town and fell to the ground